Is that blue register still
in your lobby, gathering
and spreading germs?
With data that's vulnerable
to being stolen or copied?
Are you still stacking
piles of old registry
books with inaccurate
and unreadable data?
Time to upgrade your visitor
registration to the 21st
century and deploy Buzzin,
the visitor management system
that revolutionizes the way
people access your premises.
Buzzin seamlessly captures
visitor information, ensures
personal data is protected,
Offers convenience to
both the host and visitor.
Reflects the professional
image of your property.
Buzzin allows visitors to
easily sign in, using their
phone's NFC, scanning a
QR code, tapping their ID.
No more queues of visitors
and delivery drivers
waiting to sign in.
No more illegible
scribbling and inaccurate
visitor information.
No more handling of personal
identification documents.
Time for the convenience and
security that Buzzin offers.
And that's not all.
Buzzin also sends hosts
a visitor notification
alert, so they are
ready to help you out.